achieved with blender
welcome to the third of log of planned
game wire soul this part will be devoted
to first sting jizz ability to
manipulate with time and that will be
stopping time stop and restart time is
done by pressing are stingy itself is
immune against any manipulation of time
usage of stopping time to overcome the
obstacles is demonstrated in the several
examples the first obstacle is a laser
ditch it is too wide for jumping over
and lasers move too fast for stingy
managed to run between them however if
we stop time it stops even the lasers
and stingy can pass carefully between
them
here we can see a classical example of
usage of hadron known from previous Tove
log but it differ in that for the
opening of the second doors needed to
gain the same tetrahedron which can be
only one in the room
again we use a stopping time in fact
that stingy is not affected by time and
is therefore able to continue to
manipulate with the environment this way
stingy gets into situation when it is
not longer possible to return but in
this case it doesn't matter in the next
room is a so-called Blue has in the wall
which destroys head runs stingy however
cannot be heard later in the game you
will encounter with the red version
which is the opposite hedron passes
without problems however stingy is
destroyed
to avoid the constant destruction of
hadrons we can try capture it in flight
or at the right moment start the time
and simply pick it up
here are only for demonstration purposes
so-called one-way platforms they are set
so that each could stingy enter only
once the moment stingy gets off from the
platform the platform plugs into the
wall and there is no way to reactivate
it again
in the last room of this level we have
again the blue type of plasma wall and
closed gate the gate opens only from the
other side of the wall well stingy must
step on the marked location for him
one of the many ways to solve this
puzzle is to try to throw Hedren through
the upper door and open them before the
hedron hit them stingy can't reach such
speed so he will help us again with
stopping time
these were a few examples of the usage
of stopping time and next time we will
see more advanced features such as
recording the time period and its
subsequent playback thank you for your
time and I look forward to meet you at
another to vlog